Product Requirements Document

Devin Munsey
ChessWebsite (ChadChess)

BACKGROUND:
Our product is a website that offers the service of playing chess against an engine.
This product doesn't solve any major earthly problems.
They are other websites that let you do this exact same thing and more.
BUT, this could be used as a product for people trying to host random games on a website.
Our engine does work; it might not be the greatest engine, but it can beat you.

PRODUCT OVERVIEW:
Build a playable chess game where you can play against a chess engine.
The engine will be C++ that will make all the decisions using bitboards and bit arethmetic to increase performance.
The front end will be a svelte frame-work so that the player can simply open a browser and got to the domain
This engine could be sold for customers who already have the front-end and then use the engine to make it a single player experience

FEATURES (User Stories):
1) Color Selector: As a chess player, I want to be able to chose the color I want to play during the game.
2) Only Allows Valid Moves: As a chess player, I want to ensure that I don't accidentally make an invalid move ruining the pureness of the game.
3) How to Play Page: As a chess player, if I forget one of the basic rules of chess, I want to be able to easily re-read the rule to correct my misunderstanding.
4) Pawn Promotion: As a chess player, I want my pawns at the end of the board to actually promote and turn into a queen so I can beat my opponent
5) Castling: As a chess player, I want to be able to castle my rook and king so that I can correctly protect my King with proper chess stratigies
6) Game Ending w/ Checkmate: As a chess player, I want the game to be over and end once I have successfully gotten the bot into checkmate
7) Game Engine: As a chess player, I want to be able to play by myself against a bot just so I didn't have to rely on anyone else for me to have fun playing chess.
8) Auto-End Game w/ 3-Move Repititon: As a chess player, if me and the engine can only make the same moves over and over I want the game to automatically end just so no-one has to give up the position.

TECHNOLOGIES TO BE USED:
Backend Engine:
The Backend Engine is coded soley in C++

Front-End:
Web Assembly to convert C++ to Java Script so that it can be used for the Svelte-Framework