Product Requirements Document

Justin McKnight
ChessWebsite

BACKGROUND:
Our product is a website that offers the service of playing chess against an engine.
Chess is a difficult game to learn when you have never played before.
This software will be designed with beginners in mind to have an easy place to learn and practice chess.
This project would be to create a working web-based version of chess with a built in opponent.
This should also include the ability to turn off the bot and play in a two player mode.
The main purpose for this software is to create an easy way for someone to play and practice chess.

PRODUCT OVERVIEW:
Build a playable chess game where you can play against a chess engine.
The engine will be C++ that will make all the decisions using bitboards and bit arethmetic to increase performance.
The front end will be a svelte frame-work so that the player can simply open a browser and got to the domain
This engine could be sold for customers who already have the front-end and then use the engine to make it a single player experience

FEATURES (User Stories):
1) Working Game: As a chess player, I want a working game of chess that includes all rules of the game.
2) Opponent: As a chess player, I want a difficult opponent to challenge me in chess.
3) How to Play Page: As a chess player, I want to be able to see all of the rules of chess easily on a webpage.
4) Color Selection: As a chess player, I want to be able to choose what color I play as before I start the game.
5) Flip board: As a chess player, I want to be able to flip the board to see the board from both sides.
6) Game Ending w/ Checkmate: As a chess player, I want the game to automatically end when checkmate or a draw has been achieved.
7) Two Player Mode: As a chess player, I want to be able to play in a two player mode with antoher person.
8) Offer Draw or Resignation: As a Chess Player, I want the ability to draw or resign from a game.

TECHNOLOGIES TO BE USED:
Backend Engine:
The Backend Engine is coded from scratch in C++.

Front-End:
Web Assembly to convert C++ to Java Script so that it can be used for the Svelte-Framework
HTML and CSS for web aesthetics.
